# Slide 40 of Lecture 11 contains information about Key learning points: Session 3: Integration,
collaboration and SCM
Content: Literature:
Key learning points from Session 3, Integration, collaboration and SCM, concern both content and literature. The content addresses organization, coordination and integration issues in the global supply chain, intra‑ and inter‑organizational relationships, supply chain collaboration methods and initiatives, and the importance of relationships and information exchange. It also considers demand distortion and the Bullwhip effect and the essentials of a partnership, all of which are illustrated in “A pain in the (supply) chain”, a case that shows stakeholders’ roles and resulting outcomes. The literature includes Ackerman, Ken B. and Bodegraven, Art Van (2007): “Relationships for supply chain success”, Supply Chain Quarterly, Q4, 2007; Lambert, D. M. & Knemeyer, M. A. (2004): “We’re in this chain together”, Harvard Business Review, Dec. 2004, pp. 114‑122; and Boyson, S., Corsi, T., Dresner, M. and Harrington, L. (2004): “Global Supply Chain Management Style depends on company size and scale”, World Trade, Vol. 20, Iss. 10, pp. 32–36.
Some broad questions that address the main issues of relationships are raised in this session. These include “What relationships do we have in a typical supply chain?”, “What initiatives can be employed in order to solve coordination and integration related problems?”, “What relationships should we have with whom in a good supply chain?”, “What means collaboration and integration?” and “Why do the relationships not come naturally?”, and they all relate back to the main issues of relationships in supply chains.
12.03.2025 Slide 40

